1.Java is top pick as one of the most popular programming languages, used for building server-side applications to video games and mobile apps. It's also the core foundation for developing Android apps, making it a favorite of many programmers. C# and Java are actually quite similar, from an application developer's perspective.Both C# and Java have built-in garbage collection,both C# and Java are Type-Safe Languages,both C# and Java Are "Pure" Object-Oriented Languages.
2.Python is a one-stop shop. There's a Python framework for pretty much anything, from web apps to data analysis. In fact, WordStream is written in Python! You're the best bud. Python is often heralded as the easiest programming language to learn, with its simple and straightforward syntax. Python is a dynamic language where Java and C# are really not. It is totally different than the other two. There are ways to accomplishing things in Python that do not translate well to the others and vice versa.
3.JavaScript (which, confusingly, is not at all related to Java) is another favorite programming language because it's so ubiquitous on the web--it's basically everywhere. JavaScript allows developers to add interactive elements to their website, and its presence is felt across the internet.The one biggest difference I can think of is that in C# functions, variables are lexically scoped, whereas Javascript, variables are lexically scoped except for this, which is dynamically scoped.
4.C++ is an object oriented programming (OOP) language, developed by Bjarne Stroustrup, and is an extension of C language. It is therefore possible to code C++ in a "C style" or "object-oriented style." In certain scenarios, it can be coded in either way and is thus an effective example of a hybrid language.C++ is a general purpose object oriented programming language. It is considered to be an intermediate level language, as it encapsulates both high and low level language features. Initially, the language was called 'C with classes’ as it had all properties of C language with an additional concept of 'classes’. However, it was renamed to C++ in 1983.